Basic ILP flow (#124)
interledger/interledger.github.io: docs/markdown/ilp-flow.md

# Basic Interledger Payment Flow
 
This section helps you become more familiar with Interledger by outlining the parts of an Interledger payment system and explaining the steps involved in an Interledger payment.
 
## Interledger payment
 
The Interledger payment system consists of four main components:
- Sender - Initiates a value transfer.
- Router - Applies currency exchange and forwards packets of value.
- Receiver - Receives the value.
- ILP Packet - ILPv4 has three packet types: Prepare, Fulfill, and Reject, which roughly correspond to request, response, and error messages.

In the following scenario, the sender sends a Prepare packet to the connecting router. The routers forward the packet until it reaches the receiver. The receiver then accepts or rejects the packet by sending a Fulfill packet or a Reject packet.
 
 ![ILP-packets](../images/ilp-packets.png)

## Interledger payment flow
 
### Prerequisites

1. The sender and receiver have accounts with at least one router on the Interledger network.
2. The sender knows the receiver's payment pointer, which is required for exchanging necessary payment information.
 
### Payment flow

> 1. The sender initiates a payment by connecting with the receiver over an out-of-band authenticated channel and obtaining the receiver's ILP address and a secret hash condition.

Reviewer: While possible, are you actually trying to describe SPSP here? Or is this meant to be a more generic thing?

Author: My intention is to keep it generic. I didn't want to name SPSP or `moneyd` in this flow because similar applications can be created by anyone in the future but the general concept will remain the same (I guess?).

Reviewer 2: (Lois here): I've taken this file over in Prachi's absence. How about persistent payment identifier then, as a payment pointer is meant to be a persistent identifier?

- Sender - Initiates a value transfer.
- Router - Applies currency exchange and forwards packets of value.
- Receiver - Receives the value.
- ILP Packet - A binary data packet, which contains necessary information required for an ILP payment. ILPv4 has three packet types: Prepare, Fulfill, and Reject, which roughly correspond to request, response, and error messages.

In the following scenario, the sender sends a Prepare packet to the connecting router. The routers forward the packet until it reaches the receiver. The receiver then accepts or rejects the packet by sending a Fulfill packet or a Reject packet.
 
 ![ILP-packets](../images/ilp-packets.png)

## Interledger payment flow
 
### Prerequisites

To understand the Interledger payment flow, let's assume the following:
1. The sender and receiver have accounts with at least one router on the Interledger network.
2. The sender knows the receiver's payment pointer, which is required for exchanging necessary payment information.
 
### Payment flow

1. The sender initiates a payment by connecting with the receiver over an out-of-band authenticated channel and obtaining the receiver's ILP address and a secret hash condition.

> 0. The sender constructs a Prepare packet with the destination ILP address, the secret hash condition, amount, and expiry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. The sender constructs a Prepare packet with the destination ILP address, the derived hash condition, amount, and expiry.
```

0. The router checks the expiry of the Prepare packet. If the router receives the packet after the expiry, the router sends a Reject packet to the sender. If the router receives the packet before the expiry, the following steps take place.
0. The router uses its local routing tables and the destination address from the Prepare packet to determine which next hop to forward the packet to. The next hop can be another router or the receiver.
0. The router determines the outgoing asset type based on the next hop it will forward the packet to and applies its exchange rate and fees to the Prepare amount.
0. The router forwards the Prepare packet to the next hop, which may be another router. All subsequent routers go through steps 4-6 (treating the previous router as the sender) until the packet reaches the receiver.
0. The receiver receives the packet and checks the packet contents, for example, if the amount to be received is acceptable.
0. If the receiver accepts the Prepare packet, the receiver returns a Fulfill packet. If the receiver does not want the Prepare packet or it does not pass one of the checks, the receiver returns a Reject packet instead.

> 0. The router checks if the receiver returned a Fulfill before the expiry in the Prepare packet. If so, the router returns the same Fulfill packet to the previous router. If the receiver returned a Reject packet or the Prepare expired before the Fulfill was returned, the router returns the Reject packet to the preceding router. Each router repeats this step until the Fulfill or Reject packet reaches the sender.

Reviewer 3: The router also must check that the fulfillment is the preimage to the hash/execution condition, otherwise the Fulfill is invalid. This is an important part of the story: what's preventing any intermediary connector from just returning the Fulfill packet?

> 0. The router checks if the receiver returned a Fulfill before the expiry in the Prepare packet. If so, the router returns the same Fulfill packet to the previous router. If the receiver returned a Reject packet or the Prepare expired before the Fulfill was returned, the router returns the Reject packet to the preceding router. Each router repeats this step until the Fulfill or Reject packet reaches the sender.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. The router checks if the receiver returned a Fulfill before the expiry in the Prepare packet. It also verifies that the fulfillment received from the receiver matches the original condition received in the Prepare packet from the sender. If both checks pass, the router returns the same Fulfill packet to the previous router. If the receiver returned a Reject packet or the Prepare expired before the Fulfill was returned or the fulfilment was invalid, the router returns the Reject packet to the preceding router. Each router repeats this step until the Fulfill or Reject packet reaches the sender.
```

> 0. Sender repeats the process, starting from step 2, as many times as is necessary to transfer the desired total amount of value.

Reviewer 4: if we're talking about a chunked payment then this leaves out some thing for instance determining the MTU
